We've now seen how to work with cluster IP services and node port services.
So now we're going to go around to the rest of the microservices inside of our app, specifically comments,
query and moderation and integrate those into our Kubernetes cluster.
Here's the steps we need to go through for each one.
We're going to go through the source code for each of those three, and we're going to update the URLs
in each of them to make sure that they post events to the event bus CRV.
Because remember, right now they are trying to send events to local host 4005.
Then for each of those we will build an image and push them to Docker Hub.
We'll then create a deployment in a cluster IP service for each of them and apply those all to our cluster.
And then finally, we're going to update our event code so that it once again sends events to comments,
query and moderation, because we commented out that code just a moment ago.
So the bad news here is that we're going to be essentially doing the same thing three times over for
comments, query and moderation.
That's the bad news.
The good news is we're going to get a lot of practice very quickly in creating services and deployments.
So let's get to it.
We're going to first take a look at comments in moderation, update URLs in each of those to reach out
to event bus service whenever they need to create an event.
I'll begin inside of comments.
I'm going to find the index file inside there.
And then I'm going to scroll through and just look for local host.
Here's one right here.
So I'm going to replace local host with event bus CRV.
Well, then keep going.
Here's another.
So event bus CRV.
And I think that's it.
So make sure that you have two updates inside of here.
If you do a control F and look for local host, you should do or get zero results.
I'll then save this file and close it.
So that's one down.
Let's now move on to moderation.
Inside there.
I'll find the index dogs file.
Here's a local host once right here.
I'll update that to event bus CRV.
Save the file.
And.
Okay, I think that's it as well.
I'll do another.
Control f for local host.
No issue.
They'll save that and close it.
And then finally inside of query, I'll find index indexes.
I'll go down inside of here.
And it looks like we have one right here where we tried to do that kind of sync operation.
So I'm going to make sure that I replace local host with event bus CRV.
And I'll save the file.
All right.
So now comments, moderation and query are all attempting to reach out to the event plus cluster IP
service, which is exactly what we want.
So we're now going to go around inside of our terminal to all three of those directories and build images
out of each of them and push them up to Docker Hub.
Back at my terminal.
I'll first start off inside of comments.
I'll do a docker, build t my docker ID slash comments and then a dot.
Looks good.
I'll do a Docker push.
Comments.
And that should take just a moment or two.
I'll let let it just do its thing very quickly.
Very good.
So that's it for comments.
I'm now going to change over to a moderation.
I'll do a Docker build.
Moderation in their.
And a darker push.
And it looks like that one's going to have a little bit of an upload.
So while that is running, I'll open up another terminal window just to save ourselves a little bit
of time here so you don't have to watch my slow upload speed.
So our last one is going to be for query.
It's a little change in the query.
I'll build that image.
And I'll do a Docker push.
Rick Perry.
All right.
So we have now updated the URLs.
We built images and push them to Docker Hub.
Now, last thing we need to do is create a deployment and a cluster IP service for each one.
This video might run a little bit long, but I figure let's get all these steps done, at least in one
video, just kind of kind of get this busy work out of the way.
So let's just keep going for right now.
So we're going to create a deployment and cluster IP service for each one.
We'll do that back inside of our code editor.
Remember, we're going to write out a config file to get started for each of those.
Inside my infra directory.
I will first take care of comments so I'll make a new file called comments devel html.
Rather than writing out the entire deployment file from scratch.
I'll just go and copy paste all the config from the event bus deployment file because just about all
of our config around these deployments are going to be identical for right now.
So here, event bus depot.
I'm going to copy everything inside of here, including the cluster IP service at the very bottom.
And I'll paste it into this new common stash double.
And then going to go through here and update event bus to say comments instead.
So I'll do one.
Here's to.
Here's three.
Here's for.
And here's five.
So make sure that you have no mention of event buzz inside the deployment anymore.
I'll then go down to the cluster IP service and I will replace event bus once.
Weiss.
And three times.
And then finally remember comments is not listing on 4005 comments listings on port 4001.
So I will update that as well to 4000.
And one, make sure you don't have 40,000 won.
Just 4001.
All right, one down, two to go.
So I'm going to save this file.
I'll then create another new file inside of my k aids directory.
I'll call this one moderation dash devel.
I'm going to paste that default config once again.
And I'll go through the same thing again.
So.
Event bus.
This time I'm just going to do a multi select since you just saw me do all those updates.
So event bus five times.
Update them all to moderation.
And then down inside the service.
I'm going to update those three to moderation.
And then remember, moderation listens on, what is it, 4003.
I think I'll do a quick check inside of the indexed file for moderation.
So, yes, 4003.
So I'll update the port and target ports to 4003.
I'm going to say this file.
And then finally, one last file inside of K Eights.
I'll do a query.
Double HTML.
In a paste once again and one more multi select.
So there's query five times through.
Replace these three with query.
And then this one is 4002.
And I'll save the file.
All right.
That should be it.
So we've now made updates or created these three new deployment files.
Each one consists of a deployment and a cluster IP service.
It's not the last thing we have to do is take those files and apply them into our cluster.
Let's go back over to our command line.
I'm going to change into that k infra directory, the infra k eighths and then we're going to apply
all the config files inside of here.
We could apply them all one by one, but it would save us just a little bit of time to apply them all
inside of one go to apply multiple config files with one single command.
We write out CTL, apply F and then Dot and once again dot means find all the different config files
inside of the current working directory and apply them.
So I'll run that and then I'll see a bunch of things being created.
So I've now got my query service.
There's the query deployment, A, I've got my comment service, comments deployment and so on.
We can now do a cube, CTL, get pods, and we should now see some additional pods running.
And all of them should have a status of running as well.
If any of them do not have a status of running, then chances are that you made a mistake during pushing
these images off to Docker Hub or alternatively maybe inside of a config file.
So if you see a status of any of these of something like air image back off or error image pull any
kind of air whatsoever, the first thing to do to debug it is to copy that pod's name and then do a
little describe pod and then the pods name.
So run that command and then you'll see a series of events down here which hopefully should give you
some more information about what is going on.
We should also make sure that all the different services were created as well, so we can do a CTL,
get services and we should see comments, event bus moderation, post cluster OST, which is our node
port and query.
Well, I'd say this looks pretty good.
Now, the very last thing we have to do.
Is make sure that we update the event bus to once again send events to comments, query and moderation.
So we'll take care of that in just a moment and then start to do a final test of our application.